visit
we have not launched the motorola atrix
which way the xunta is the motorola atrix with accessories
what I am saying
to cctv and telephone we go my laptop
and your connecting phone
through a mini hdmi or crue connection you see
to a base
that has the physical appearance of a pc
a whole mouse the screen of 11 ko more disputed
an eight-hour video playback battery
two connectors we serve there is a charger
and what we do is that our terminal motorola atrix
is a terminal that has a dual core of a gigahertz facing each core
one gigabyte of ram
16 gigabytes of disk alma saint internal and 32 expansion
ogre
in micro sd card with which we put almost 50 tours of high training
and a raw sbx mini hdmi connection
are the ones that fit here
and with which
We project our mobile in an environment of
you have safety anemia I'm going to throw
to provide is what determines in a personalized way
record high resolution videos play full hd video
and a front camera too
to be able to make videoconferences is a 4-inch screen very
tapped do not grow
in favor of the team
chima somoza
they will place side
this team our farmers
weighs less than one kilo
and I came angular what would be a netbook a pcb
in this business after the start as you can see is almost immediate
since the collected
has maintained the reproduction of the YouTube video that we are seeing
and one vega was fox
three points 6 for linux
with which it supports multiple tabs
with all kinds of
- to define this tool marker for example if estonia peter a
with the high
we can move to different tabs
that we have open
what we have
file browser which we can see
the internal amit image to the external storage of the card the videos
etc
there is an entertainment center
is a multimedia center is tied both to screen the laptop as
by a television screen went through the process of xalapa
the dr series
that would connect month or TV at home which we can play music
watch images play videos
we can all play videos for example high quality
i receive caused for example
gabart now
all this we can pilot with a wireless brutus keyboard with a remote
distance from our sofa
and see it on the screen of 40 endorsement of 5 inches in
between those is married
yes because moment someone calls us by phone automatically activates the
speaker mode
proposal of a notification in the empanada
top left we could answer ignore the tier